I was just a bit surprised that they
could just and like decide the game like
that instead of like giving us a a new
game you know like maybe at the end of
the speed or something or that they
could find like a solution rather than
you know just saying oh they just want
well clutch continues its streak of
upsetting TSM or maybe I don't even know
if it's an upset anymore it's the second
week of LCS I'm joined right now by
Vivian to talk a little bit about that
with coverage presented by Omni / sofa
Bevin was up why do you guys have TSM's
number it seems like maybe you guys are
becoming the TSM kryptonite yeah it
feels like the TSM doesn't really do
anything against us they always like
have a kind of passive draft I think and
even if they have an aggressive draft
they don't really punish us and then we
always end up punishing them I mean
sometimes they did what like one game
against us but I know the rest of the
games feels like I'm just reforming
everyone's reforming and then we
eventually get a teamfight which we win
and then we slowly just slowly just
snowball the game so I don't feel
threatened by them at all do you do you
feel like you're just catching them on
bad days like it cuz it you know way you
describe makes it sound like this is not
the TSM the other people play I don't
know I think maybe to just like to pay
this kind of strategy against us because
like in the spring split we were kind of
passive team and we would always wait
until like the enemy would do mistakes
so we were always fall behind so I guess
they trying to like farm for later game
against us and hope we like we make
mistakes and then they just Scout scale
us but I think just have the wrong
strategy against us and they're just not
aggressive which is allowing us to win
well let's talk about the rest of
everything that's going on what do you
think of the meta cuz you've always been
a pretty outspoken dude I'm kind of
curious your take on how things look in
the LCS you may about the method well I
mean it's a bit different like there's a
lot of different champions like it
really has really popular now so it's
really popular again more than last bit
there's obviously like Vladimir and
Swain and all the stuff bottom lane but
I think it still camp the same game you
know like it's the same game which is
different champions and I mean I like it
it's something something new you know
and it creates a lot of like it creates
more hype for the players to like learn
the new champions and also for the
audience I think is nice you know it's
like people see new stuff and then they
they don't know what to expect and then
you know I think it's fun I think and
then I mean it fits us pretty well we
were like the guys who always liked to
new try new champions and just be like
out of the meta so it fits us pretty
well you are a player who obviously
comes from Europe there's an interesting
thing that's happened where North
America seems to be picking marksmen way
more frequently than the other regions
I'm curious if you have any idea why it
is that we're seeing so much more
marksmen in North America than elsewhere
well I think in na people don't really
play Heimerdinger like I feel like hi
MERS being picked a lot and also people
are playing a lot of like gold funneling
strats and they tend to pick like
supportive terms with it like Karma time
cannibal Lane even like Lulu and stuff
so yeah I think you is a little bit more
how do you creative like when with the
meta you know they like have the certain
picks which no one no other region is
playing and and it just sticks what is
what works I guess like the ad carries
are still really good you know but there
are also situations where you can you
can get a good flex picking your draft
and have like three and you switch them
around you know like fnatic is doing
that there they don't even have an ad
carry and they're just smashing because
those champions are actually really good
on the bot lane as well you know so I
think it's just a matter of the people
playing it and if they're really good
with it because other both lanes they
don't they don't have a lot of
experience against it either you know so
I feel like people just haven't figured
it out yet do you look at that and want
to bring that to Klutch like are you
like hey guys like look at what's
happening over in Europe why aren't
isn't anybody doing this in North
America maybe we could be really good at
it yeah we have tried a lot already like
instagrams so hasn't been going that
well but we've been trying to like
play the gold funneling starts with like
multiple champions like Master Yi you
know Lucian Kaiser and we also try to
like put me on bottom lane and then put
put Apollo on mid lane you know but it
all comes down to how good we are at the
champions and if we're able to play the
other lanes because me playing Bolden is
completely different than playing mid
lane right because I have two sharks P
and the gang the gang patterns are
really different and like you're playing
a stamp is that you never played against
or you barely play against so it's just
it's just hard you know and we just have
to adapt and find the best way for the
team do you are you seeing this in
scrims a lot do you think that secretly
behind the scenes our North American
teams trying to do the interesting stuff
and they just can't they can't make it
work I'm pretty sure that teams this
week are gonna like show us different
stuff like we were just the second game
rather than the first game was kind of
it was kind of standard but I think it
depends a lot on the bands as well and
usually when certain charm is open you
can like do the gold funding strap but I
feel like they're banned a lot here and
I'm pretty sure we're gonna see new new
things because we're practicing it maybe
practicing has really weird stuff so
yeah I hope this weekend shows us some
interesting stuff other than that the
last thing I'll just ask about is is
last week there was like crazy situation
where echo Fox end up getting awarded a
win I don't know if you want to talk a
little bit about how clutch handled that
or how you guys feel about it was like a
mental hit to you guys I mean what what
was your takeaway from that event yeah
obviously like in the beginning when it
happens we were a bitch like we were
just I was just confused you know
surprised a little bit because we like
the referee told us to go offstage take
your gear leave the stage and then and
then echo Fox asked the referees like so
who won did we win and then every they
were like yeah you won't and I were like
okay okay so I guess we lost right and I
we didn't have any details about why and
stuff so it was a bit of weird and I've
never really seen happening before you
know so it was just I was just a bit
surprised that they could just
like beside the game like that instead
of like giving us a new game you know
like maybe at the end of the speed or
something or that they could find like a
solution rather than you know just
saying oh they just want because of the
stats tab and no team will ever win you
know I think it's kind of you don't they
have a point but we have a point too you
know so there I mean is there a decision
you know I'm fine with it like whatever
it's won the one to us you know and we
would have probably lost anyways but
that's besides the point but the refs
come up and explain to you guys
afterwards because you said they just
told you to get off the stage anything
so yeah I think um I think it's good
have been handled way better like at
least tell us you know what's happening
and like explain why and like you know
it's not just get off the stage and you
know you lost yeah that's kind of weird
is there anything you want to say to any
of the fans here at the end of the
interview yeah thank you everyone for
cheering for us and we managed to be TSN
once again so it just feels great and
there's a lot of TSM fans we were pretty
sad but yeah it just sucks for them does
suck for them thank you so much for the
interview for everyone you can check out
the rest my coverage of all the things
these first right here on my youtube
channel
it's nice thing that Omni slash is still
written on this microphone because it
means that at least someone's giving
Travis money to for things like food
rent mainly to keep them off of my couch
and out of my life so please continue to
help support him and doing that like
subscribe comment do whatever it is that
he needs you to do support him